shawnshenjx	Thanks i will look at it tonight
shawnshenjx	This will be hard
shawnshenjx	Hopefully it cheered you up a bit
shawnshenjx	We are working on this as we speak
shawnshenjx	Have a good evening
shawnshenjx	Sounds good to me
shawnshenjx	Yes i am here actually
shawnshenjx	Tonight is my anniversary
shawnshenjx	Will follow up today
shawnshenjx	Thats a lot of dollars
shawnshenjx	Are you going to join us for lunch
shawnshenjx	Thanks for the surprise
shawnshenjx	I cant find it on my blackberry
shawnshenjx	And how would i be going for work
shawnshenjx	I hoped you did
shawnshenjx	Well let you know
shawnshenjx	Yes i am coming twice
shawnshenjx	Sorry im losing it
shawnshenjx	If not hes gone on tuesday
shawnshenjx	Thank you dear
shawnshenjx	Thanks so much for the message
shawnshenjx	Let me know if i can do anything
shawnshenjx	No but thank you for offering
shawnshenjx	He cant help himself
shawnshenjx	Thanks for your offer
shawnshenjx	Was it a car wreck
shawnshenjx	Is she done yet
shawnshenjx	Thanks for the quick turnaround
shawnshenjx	Have a good weekend
shawnshenjx	See you on friday
shawnshenjx	More bad enron news
shawnshenjx	I think we are dong ok
shawnshenjx	The only change would be the date
shawnshenjx	We are headed to austin tomorrow
shawnshenjx	Thus have nothing to destroy
shawnshenjx	He is pretty tapped into it all
shawnshenjx	I am out of town until friday
shawnshenjx	Wish me luck with linda
shawnshenjx	Yes i am playing
shawnshenjx	Can you call me at home
shawnshenjx	Mostly a social call
shawnshenjx	Please call tomorrow if possible
shawnshenjx	We are all fragile
shawnshenjx	It will probably be tomorrow
shawnshenjx	I would like to attend if so
shawnshenjx	It better not be about me
shawnshenjx	I can return earlier
shawnshenjx	I am trying again
shawnshenjx	I am on my way to heaven
shawnshenjx	I will bring john brindle
shawnshenjx	Need you or john to step out
shawnshenjx	What do you hear
shawnshenjx	Thanks i needed that today
shawnshenjx	I will review them on monday
shawnshenjx	A bit behind on my emails
shawnshenjx	Then we can go to zainy brainy
shawnshenjx	Hi how are things there
shawnshenjx	What is your issue sir
shawnshenjx	What a nice note
shawnshenjx	Im on my way back there to do so
shawnshenjx	Neal can you help with this
shawnshenjx	Best of luck and stay in touch
shawnshenjx	John thanks for the update
shawnshenjx	I was answering janets comment
shawnshenjx	So should i drive tomorrow
shawnshenjx	I have a favor to ask
shawnshenjx	Im still in dallas
shawnshenjx	We are on the road to palacios
shawnshenjx	It reads like she is in
shawnshenjx	Is cassandra there today
shawnshenjx	I like nick and everett
shawnshenjx	Shouldnt be too hard though
shawnshenjx	In a couple of weeks
shawnshenjx	I am walking in now
shawnshenjx	They have capacity now
shawnshenjx	Will he come down wetheimer
shawnshenjx	A gift isnt necessary
shawnshenjx	Im waiting until she comes home
shawnshenjx	See you next week
shawnshenjx	Chris foster is in
shawnshenjx	No but thanks
shawnshenjx	They are more efficiently pooled
shawnshenjx	Lets discuss in the morning
shawnshenjx	Same camp as davies lagrasta
shawnshenjx	I think tim wants to move quickly
shawnshenjx	Please let james and kathy know
shawnshenjx	I want to thank everyone involved
shawnshenjx	Im open though
shawnshenjx	It has been very rough this week
shawnshenjx	Just wanted to touch base
shawnshenjx	Not like youll get paid for it
shawnshenjx	I am getting home early
shawnshenjx	Thanks again for your help
shawnshenjx	Ill be thinking of you
shawnshenjx	Has brian had his contract yet
shawnshenjx	Could you try ringing her
shawnshenjx	What a crazy day
shawnshenjx	Do you need it today
shawnshenjx	Will call later to explain
shawnshenjx	Joel will handle this
shawnshenjx	The contract is a bit complicated
shawnshenjx	Steve gilbert is working on this
shawnshenjx	What is going on
shawnshenjx	Tax gave us the same feedback
shawnshenjx	I will be thinking of you
shawnshenjx	John this message concerns me
shawnshenjx	Did we plan that
shawnshenjx	This will make my week
shawnshenjx	Need anything from target
shawnshenjx	Lynn and steve will attend for me
shawnshenjx	I will be late on day one
shawnshenjx	I think i get this everyday now
shawnshenjx	Add it all up we have a problem
shawnshenjx	Today has been hard for me
shawnshenjx	Let me know if i miss anything
shawnshenjx	Ill probably page you
shawnshenjx	Couldnt risk the uncertainty
shawnshenjx	Call me to give me a heads up
shawnshenjx	And leave my school alone
shawnshenjx	I will be there
shawnshenjx	What is in the plan
shawnshenjx	I have no idea
shawnshenjx	Ill get you details
shawnshenjx	Anything exciting going on today
shawnshenjx	Do we need to do anything here
shawnshenjx	Because there is traffic
shawnshenjx	I am fine with this
shawnshenjx	Presumably so do you
shawnshenjx	We have the data
shawnshenjx	Should i bring you something back
shawnshenjx	Where do i go for lunch
shawnshenjx	Lets discuss the charges
shawnshenjx	And i cant turn my phone on
shawnshenjx	A letter is being sent today
shawnshenjx	Can you help with this one
shawnshenjx	Are you going to apply
shawnshenjx	Any news from redmond
shawnshenjx	Fran yes please update
shawnshenjx	Let me know if it goes any lower
shawnshenjx	Presuming we can afford headcount
shawnshenjx	Milly is a seller
shawnshenjx	I am almost speechless
shawnshenjx	Ava please put me on the list
shawnshenjx	Take what you can get
shawnshenjx	Is carol going back to swaps
shawnshenjx	Need before board meeting
shawnshenjx	Ive got a call into bowen
shawnshenjx	I think that is the right answer
shawnshenjx	Next time ask jim to call me
shawnshenjx	Im glad you liked it
shawnshenjx	Thanks for all your support
shawnshenjx	I am out of town on business
shawnshenjx	Ive never worked with her
shawnshenjx	Get with mary for format
shawnshenjx	I hope you are feeling better
shawnshenjx	I will be in the office tomorrow
shawnshenjx	Im glad she likes her tree
shawnshenjx	Have a great trip
shawnshenjx	Tried reaching you earlier
shawnshenjx	I would expect an answer asap
shawnshenjx	Did you talk to ava this morning
shawnshenjx	We have lots of paper stuff
shawnshenjx	Its not looking too good is it
shawnshenjx	Has anyone else heard anything
shawnshenjx	I went to see a doctor
shawnshenjx	Hope you dont freeze tonight
shawnshenjx	Did you see lauras message
shawnshenjx	Ill get you one
shawnshenjx	Seems unusual to me
shawnshenjx	I just tracked down steve
shawnshenjx	What will happen to this project
shawnshenjx	Yes we need to get it in asap
shawnshenjx	Ill just have her call tracy
shawnshenjx	I am looking forward to the salad
shawnshenjx	You can talk to becky
shawnshenjx	I talked to duran
shawnshenjx	I agreed terms with greg
shawnshenjx	What did you and ava decide to do
shawnshenjx	I am at the lake
shawnshenjx	I told you silly
shawnshenjx	Apologize to steve dowd for me
shawnshenjx	Thanks for your concern
shawnshenjx	Thursday works better for me
shawnshenjx	Will reveal as appropriate
shawnshenjx	I am all over it
shawnshenjx	I am on a plane sorry
shawnshenjx	Did you hear alice quit
shawnshenjx	Heading in to see moodys
shawnshenjx	Little value to the pipes
shawnshenjx	Just looking to gossip
shawnshenjx	Did he get a signing bonus
shawnshenjx	What is the mood
shawnshenjx	Tracey is coming next weekend
shawnshenjx	I have some more data coming
shawnshenjx	John millar to report
shawnshenjx	Never mind i already deleted it
shawnshenjx	When do you have to be there
shawnshenjx	He says he has some ideas
shawnshenjx	I hear tim has huge problems
shawnshenjx	We are about to leave heaven
shawnshenjx	I am on my way
shawnshenjx	Please leave it to brian
shawnshenjx	Do we need to discuss
shawnshenjx	Just playing with you
shawnshenjx	Tammie please forward to duran
shawnshenjx	Have a good trip
shawnshenjx	They may want to discuss with you
shawnshenjx	Whats your phone number
shawnshenjx	Have you talked to somerholder
shawnshenjx	Thanks for checking with me
shawnshenjx	This is very sensitive
shawnshenjx	What is the stock price doing
shawnshenjx	Thank you for your call
shawnshenjx	Can we have them until we move
shawnshenjx	On the plane doors closing
shawnshenjx	What did mark say
shawnshenjx	Ill catch up with you tomorrow
shawnshenjx	Treasa knows the details
shawnshenjx	Are you in today
shawnshenjx	Have you done any deals yet
shawnshenjx	Talk to you tomorrow
shawnshenjx	Not in the near future
shawnshenjx	Let me know where you might be
shawnshenjx	Good to know it exists
shawnshenjx	Wasnt nearly as bad as i thought
shawnshenjx	Do you know anything
shawnshenjx	Dallas and i am not coming back
shawnshenjx	Have a great evening
shawnshenjx	But i believe answer will be yes
shawnshenjx	We just need a sitter
shawnshenjx	I will leave my blackberry on
shawnshenjx	We must be consistent
shawnshenjx	Did you tell steve
shawnshenjx	She has absolutely everything
shawnshenjx	Is this the conference rate
shawnshenjx	This is good i think
shawnshenjx	It is not surprising
shawnshenjx	Let me know how i can help
shawnshenjx	Please send to gary smith
shawnshenjx	We can have wine and catch up
shawnshenjx	On my way down
shawnshenjx	Is this a standard language
shawnshenjx	Im on a conference call
shawnshenjx	No obligation to pay
shawnshenjx	What does hunter think
shawnshenjx	Money wise that is
shawnshenjx	Trip was good i presume
shawnshenjx	That was so sweet
shawnshenjx	Marisa sent the invoices
shawnshenjx	Get with david lund
shawnshenjx	Weather is bad here
shawnshenjx	In a meeting with your guys now
shawnshenjx	I am up with stan if you need me
shawnshenjx	How long can you guys shop
shawnshenjx	He will be available via phone
shawnshenjx	Is terry pulling his hair out yet
shawnshenjx	Thanks for your kind words
shawnshenjx	Talk to you later
shawnshenjx	On my way back
shawnshenjx	I am freaking out
shawnshenjx	Maybe you can leave early
shawnshenjx	What happened with brent price
shawnshenjx	Will be a while
shawnshenjx	Why do you ask
shawnshenjx	Dont forget to pray
shawnshenjx	I love you too
shawnshenjx	Mike are you aware of this
shawnshenjx	Id be happy to
shawnshenjx	This looks fine with me
shawnshenjx	She has a web address
shawnshenjx	Did you not read my first email
shawnshenjx	I was planning to attend
shawnshenjx	That would be great
shawnshenjx	Thank you for your prompt reply
shawnshenjx	Can you wait until monday
shawnshenjx	Can you help me here
shawnshenjx	I know several who work there
shawnshenjx	Probably will be working
shawnshenjx	What is the cost issue
shawnshenjx	I will resend to you
shawnshenjx	Please send me an email
shawnshenjx	Banks want to exclude goodwill
shawnshenjx	Is that enough for this week
shawnshenjx	Yes i will be back tonight
shawnshenjx	I can look at it tonight
shawnshenjx	Im in a meeting until noon
shawnshenjx	Dont know how that happened
shawnshenjx	You snooze you lose
shawnshenjx	Ill call you to set up a time
shawnshenjx	There is a god
shawnshenjx	Please send it to both of us
shawnshenjx	I will if i want to
shawnshenjx	Jan sorry for the inconvenience
shawnshenjx	We are on a plane coming back
shawnshenjx	I am sorry you had to come in
shawnshenjx	I got it pal
shawnshenjx	Ben could tell him about pompano
shawnshenjx	Let me know when you get this
shawnshenjx	I wanted to go drinking with you
shawnshenjx	I will be back friday
shawnshenjx	Love to all kay
shawnshenjx	I think its over now
shawnshenjx	Its not working very well
shawnshenjx	I agree with jim
shawnshenjx	If not can i call you
shawnshenjx	Ava please put on my calendar
shawnshenjx	Confirmed with mark taylor
shawnshenjx	I will be checking up with lisa
shawnshenjx	I will likely not be available
shawnshenjx	Still waiting on decision
shawnshenjx	How can we get these answers
shawnshenjx	You hang in there too
shawnshenjx	Both of us are still here
shawnshenjx	Not even in yet
shawnshenjx	Still im always up for opera
shawnshenjx	Ava please put on my calendar
shawnshenjx	We will keep trying
shawnshenjx	Email the consent to me
shawnshenjx	How soon do you need it
shawnshenjx	How are things with you
shawnshenjx	Michael said his day was rotten
shawnshenjx	Nothing but good news everyday
shawnshenjx	Message is getting through
shawnshenjx	John can you give konni a call
shawnshenjx	I left a message
shawnshenjx	I guess this is ok if you are
shawnshenjx	I am not aware of any
shawnshenjx	Perhaps there was a glitch
shawnshenjx	You can reply via email
shawnshenjx	Ill find someone to do it
shawnshenjx	Geez i sound pathetic
shawnshenjx	I would like to discuss
shawnshenjx	I think these will be just fine
shawnshenjx	What happened to savita
shawnshenjx	Are you feeling better
shawnshenjx	You have a nice holiday too
shawnshenjx	We need to talk about this month
shawnshenjx	How is it going
shawnshenjx	I tried that to no avail
shawnshenjx	How do you like the blackberry
shawnshenjx	We are waiting on the cold front
shawnshenjx	Neil has been asking around
shawnshenjx	We are having fun
shawnshenjx	Im big on the blackberry
shawnshenjx	Let me know if i can help
shawnshenjx	I will call when i can
shawnshenjx	Well be back sunday
shawnshenjx	I have been working those
shawnshenjx	Sorry to keep you in suspense
shawnshenjx	I need to go to stans office
shawnshenjx	Are we ready for this on monday
shawnshenjx	That is not true
shawnshenjx	I will handle this afternoon
shawnshenjx	I already deleted it
shawnshenjx	As you know it isnt easy
shawnshenjx	Yup he can do it by phone
shawnshenjx	Please forward to kevin howard
shawnshenjx	Thanks for the plant
shawnshenjx	Are you two talking
shawnshenjx	Lets wait until monday
shawnshenjx	Are you on the diet with me
shawnshenjx	I have forwarded to kelly
shawnshenjx	Board meeting running long
shawnshenjx	Have a great day
shawnshenjx	When do we review with el paso
shawnshenjx	I just had my head in the clouds
shawnshenjx	I will not be able to attend
shawnshenjx	Thanks dan well look after him
shawnshenjx	Wonder what next week will bring
shawnshenjx	So youre ignoring me
shawnshenjx	I think im ok
shawnshenjx	Your voice cheered me up
shawnshenjx	Theyre not having the baby then
shawnshenjx	I think there are three deals
shawnshenjx	Have a happy thanksgiving
shawnshenjx	We will keep you posted
shawnshenjx	Do we have anyone in portland
shawnshenjx	Chip schneider makes that call
shawnshenjx	Will get back to you
shawnshenjx	Hope you guys are doing fine
shawnshenjx	Are you going to call
shawnshenjx	I hope you went
shawnshenjx	Has it been mentioned yet
shawnshenjx	I would be glad to participate
shawnshenjx	This is all so unreal
shawnshenjx	Will give you more shortly
shawnshenjx	Sorry for the delay
shawnshenjx	Had a great meeting
shawnshenjx	Please coordinate with him
shawnshenjx	What level of detail do you need
shawnshenjx	Lets stay downtown then
shawnshenjx	It has made a big difference
shawnshenjx	As you know this stinks
shawnshenjx	Am i getting a good package
shawnshenjx	We went to palacios to fish
shawnshenjx	Let me know if i can be of help
shawnshenjx	Hope all is well
shawnshenjx	I have a request
shawnshenjx	Better than most recently
shawnshenjx	I will not be available
shawnshenjx	Ill send you minutes
shawnshenjx	Travis is in charge
shawnshenjx	Will call when i leave
shawnshenjx	Lets make sure we are ready
shawnshenjx	Zero to five percent
shawnshenjx	That is so sad
shawnshenjx	We are in a loop
shawnshenjx	Um no sir
shawnshenjx	Are you in a good mood
shawnshenjx	Thank you ricki
shawnshenjx	Can you help get this cleared up
shawnshenjx	I have a high level in my office
shawnshenjx	Are you being a baby
shawnshenjx	Did you get this
shawnshenjx	Mike is putting pressure on me
shawnshenjx	Kind of like silent fireworks
shawnshenjx	She has the game tomorrow
shawnshenjx	Im on a plane
shawnshenjx	I sent it to her
shawnshenjx	I think afraid of mass exodus
shawnshenjx	Could you see where this stands
shawnshenjx	Yes i like perfume
shawnshenjx	Im going to class
shawnshenjx	See you on the third
shawnshenjx	Did we get ours back
shawnshenjx	Do you have a number for him
shawnshenjx	Ill call you in the morning
shawnshenjx	Go for the dollars
shawnshenjx	I do wish i knew
shawnshenjx	I didnt think we had
shawnshenjx	So i need your spreadsheets asap
shawnshenjx	Do you need to be there
shawnshenjx	Hope you had a good weekend
shawnshenjx	That would be a good idea
shawnshenjx	Hows the share price
shawnshenjx	Jan has a lot of detail
shawnshenjx	Need to watch closely
shawnshenjx	Do we know what we need
shawnshenjx	What do you think
shawnshenjx	It will be very quiet all week
shawnshenjx	Can mark ellenberg participate
shawnshenjx	Im out of office till wednesday
shawnshenjx	Please send tomy direct reports
shawnshenjx	If so whitt is done
shawnshenjx	If he wants it
shawnshenjx	It was very nice
shawnshenjx	We will also need his fax number
shawnshenjx	If so what was it
shawnshenjx	Im in stans office
shawnshenjx	If you need john speak up now
shawnshenjx	Is there anything major going on
shawnshenjx	The troops just walked in
shawnshenjx	Dont forget the wood
shawnshenjx	It is no problem
shawnshenjx	This seems fine to me
shawnshenjx	I will tell them
shawnshenjx	Seemed fine when i picked him up
shawnshenjx	We can work with it either way
shawnshenjx	Are you back in town
shawnshenjx	Check and find out form
shawnshenjx	This is the crew
shawnshenjx	Pressure to finish my review
shawnshenjx	Mikey is invited also
shawnshenjx	What are the units
shawnshenjx	Ill ask he just came by
shawnshenjx	I am leaving the lake
shawnshenjx	Did you mean oxley
shawnshenjx	Check with vince strohmeyer
shawnshenjx	Im taking wednesday off
shawnshenjx	I can get them
shawnshenjx	I am monitoring email
shawnshenjx	Call me anytime for information
shawnshenjx	Will it be delivered
shawnshenjx	Then they should go home
shawnshenjx	Brian is working this
shawnshenjx	I think you need to push wasaff
shawnshenjx	Make sure they are current
shawnshenjx	Not at this time
shawnshenjx	Do we have new york sorted out
shawnshenjx	Sheila please talk to avashe
shawnshenjx	Sorry i missed choir last night
shawnshenjx	Okay ill go for a ticket
shawnshenjx	John please send this to shelly
shawnshenjx	I guess thats it for now
shawnshenjx	Lisa now has everything
shawnshenjx	I will get georgie to call you
shawnshenjx	Ill give it to you tomorrow
shawnshenjx	Im glad you are involved
shawnshenjx	It will all be public someday
shawnshenjx	We will get you a copy
shawnshenjx	Thanks having a good time
shawnshenjx	Please set something up
shawnshenjx	No at least not to my knowledge
shawnshenjx	Stop working weekends again
shawnshenjx	Do you have a number for steve
shawnshenjx	I vote for the latter
shawnshenjx	Here is the message
shawnshenjx	We dont want to look bad to dyn
shawnshenjx	Yes i will do so
shawnshenjx	Talk to you soon
shawnshenjx	Lynn got to the office ok
shawnshenjx	It may be an hour
shawnshenjx	Were on the way
shawnshenjx	Hope your week is going well
shawnshenjx	Is this the only time available
shawnshenjx	Even michael was impressed
shawnshenjx	What is the purpose of this
shawnshenjx	What do you think about that sir
shawnshenjx	Nice weather for it
shawnshenjx	I can be there within the hour
shawnshenjx	Would you like to take cam
shawnshenjx	Cool is it not
shawnshenjx	Is derrick ok with it
shawnshenjx	So ill see you at the airport
shawnshenjx	Did you differ from me
shawnshenjx	Hang in there guys
shawnshenjx	Didnt get a commitment
shawnshenjx	Go ahead and notify
shawnshenjx	I doubt that it is forecasted
shawnshenjx	I am getting lots of questions
shawnshenjx	So the language does have value
shawnshenjx	Ill email later tonight
shawnshenjx	How did they get onto our floor
shawnshenjx	All the kids were cute
shawnshenjx	I agree with morris
shawnshenjx	I will take a look at this today
shawnshenjx	Great job kevin
shawnshenjx	Im waiting for my close up
shawnshenjx	Will you come get me
